When the Lord closes a door, somewhere He opens a window.
当上帝关上一扇门，他会在别处开一扇窗。
Even the most boring times in life are limited.
生命中最无聊的时光也是限量版。 
Even the smallest person can change the course of the future.
就算再小的人物，也能改变未来的走向。
The sky knows when its time to snow, don't need to teach a seed to grow, it's just another ordinary miracle today.
天空知道雪落之期，种子萌芽无需刻意，这只是今天又一个平凡的奇迹。
When youth departs, may wisdom prove enough.
当青春远去，愿智慧已足够。
Whatever you do, do it a hundred percent.
不管你做什么，都要做到最好。
We are only here briefly, and when I'm here I want to allow myself joy.
生命如此短暂，稍纵即逝，这一刻我想让自己快乐。
As long as we have faith in our cause and that unconquerable willpower, salvation will not be denied us.
只要我们对自己的事业有信仰和不可战胜的意志，我们就能取得胜利。
You cannot live your life to please others, the choice must be yours.
你不能为了取悦他人而活着，人生必须自己做决定。
Don't forget, a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated.
莫忘记，人类情感上最大的需要是感恩。
The things you own end up owning you.
你占有的东西终将会占有你。
Stop stigma, stop discrimination.
拒绝耻辱，拒绝歧视。
Success doesn't come for free, you have to be willing to do whatever it takes to seize your moment.
成功不会平白无故实现，在那之前你必须拼尽全力把握每一刻。
Say go through the darkest of days, heaven's a heartbreak away.
挺过最黑暗的那段时光，心中的天堂就会让所有心碎成为过往。
Never hate your enemies, it affects your judgement.
永远不要恨你的敌人，这会影响你的判断。
You only get one life, it's actually your duty to live it as fully as possible.
生命只有一次，你有责任让它活出精彩。
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
未经你的许可，没有人可以让你觉得低人一等。
You want to see a miracle? Be the miracle.
年轻人，想要看到真正的奇迹，首先自己得要努力。
You jump, I jump.
生死相随。
Some birds aren't meant to be caged, their feathers are just too bright.
有的鸟是关不住的，因为它们的羽毛太美丽了。
Love is an ever-fixed mark, that looks on tempests and is never shaken.
爱情永不褪色，纵使狂风暴雨，也绝不动摇。
Don't forget, a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated.
莫忘记，人类情感上最大的需要是感恩。
Growing up is such a barbarous business, full of inconvenience and pimples.
成长是一件如此野蛮的事情，充满了麻烦和不快。
You hope for the best, then make do with what you get.
尽人事，听天命。
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
有些人天生不凡，有些人后来获得卓越，还有些人被迫伟大。
Life moves pretty fast, if you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
人生匆匆，若不偶尔停下来看看周围，你会错过很多风景。
A thousand times good night, a thousand times the worse, to want your light.
没有你，一千次的晚安也只是一千次的心伤。
Don't be afraid, we'll make it out of this mess.
不要害怕，我相信我们终究会冲破困境。
Goodness is chosen, when a man cannot choose, he ceases to be a man.
善良是可以选择的；人若无法选择，就不是人了。
If Winter comes, can Spring be far behind?
冬天已经到了，春天还会远吗？
Have a holly jolly Christmas!
祝你有个愉快的圣诞佳节！
They may take away our lives, but they'll never take our freedom!
他们或许可以夺走我们的生命，但他们无法抢去我们的自由！
You will never know what you can do till you try.
你永远无法知道自己能做什么，直到你真的去做了。
It's the loneliest feeling not to know who you are.
最孤独的感觉莫过于不知道自己是谁。
If you have the shot, you take it!
如果你有机会，就要把握住！